nit fix: description of access token ins sourcegraph VS Code Extensions in VS Code settings (#40643)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: client/vscode/README.md

| Setting                           | Description                                                                                                                                     | Example                                                      |
| --------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| sourcegraph.url                   | Specify your on-premises Sourcegraph instance here, if applicable. The extension is connected to Sourcegraph Cloud by default.                  | "https://your-sourcegraph.com"                               |

> | sourcegraph.accessToken           | The access token to query the Sourcegraph API. Required to use this extension with private instances. Create a new access token at `https://sourcegraph.com/users/<sourcegraph-username>/settings/tokens`                                           | "6dfc880b320dff712d9f6cfcac5cbd13ebfad1d8"                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sourcegraph.accessToken           | The access token to query the Sourcegraph API. Required to use this extension with private instances. Create a new access token at `${SOURCEGRAPH_URL}/users/<sourcegraph-username>/settings/tokens`                                           | "6dfc880b320dff712d9f6cfcac5cbd13ebfad1d8"                   |
```
